So what I'm going to do next is I'm going to build another test function.
But to test this out, I will call this again wikitest.
Inside of here, we'll do an entity. So, "entity".
Then, I'll pass in this time.
As an example, we'll try "google".
Let's go ahead and create this.
There we go.
Now, if I run this test,
we should get some results for Google.
Here we go.
Google is an American multinational technology company
that specializes in Internet-related services and products, etc.
Great. So now we have this really multipurpose function.
It does a lot of really powerful things.
Now, I can make it respond to events.
I can trigger it at a time-based interval.
I can have it run potentially --
and when somebody uploads a file,
it could grab the name of that file.
It's really this multi-purpose event that can do many different things.
The final thing that I'll leave you with is if we go to Monitoring here,
we can actually go ahead and look that these logs actually appear.
Because in a real production environment,
logging is maybe one of the most fundamental things you can do.
So we go to this log stream
and let's just make sure that Google string appears.
Here we go.
Here's a whole string that appears.
So round trip, we've made a Lambda function that,
not only uses our own code,
but uses third-party libraries,
deployed it to AWS,
and then also found that it is logging correctly into AWS CloudWatch.